If you have iphone 6s, all your calls and messages will be automatically transfered to ipad mini using FaceTime even if you are not using AT@T, or some other phone provider on your tablet but only wifi.
As no one mentioned this or I have not found a review to state this, I wish to make the mention that at the moment I am using my mini with an Etisalat SIM card and it works like a charm on 3G, so the AT@T mini is not carrier locked, information useful for the non-US buyers.
Very disappointed in the smaller size and the fact after visiting AT@T that this device is not cellular capable like the 8.9 version.
Ruth FrappierRmffmr@aol.com410-920-4179 u do not deserve any star but it blocks any feedbck without it!
Tell-tale error messages include "Unable to Retrieve Message" when you try to download an MMS message shown in your inbox, "Unable to send message to ___@___" when you try to send a text message to an e-mail address, and "Connection failed!"
Concerns/issues (Imp@top less concerned@ bottom)* Phone call quality: low to poor to worst some times none/drops.
amazon & i did not,t knew how to buy one with a new contract I need this phone for my little brother he is outside of united states & iknow its locked to at&t that is ok because he just want play with games & browse web on wi-fiplease contact me if you could help me ...thanks ... elfakih90@gmail.com
****I found this on the WhatsApp support/frequently asked questions page:****Q: I see an error message saying that my number is invalidA: If you are trying to verify and you get a message that your number is not valid, please write into support@whatsapp.com.
I upgraded to this from a Droid X2, and other than the raping Verizon put on my butt with their 4G data "plan" (PLAN to pay a h@ll of a lot more!!)
Anyone interested email me at new90113@gmail.comI have tens of screenshots documenting the problem....
Also, do not use the "+" symbol as your login (email, e.g. johndoe+tplink@gmail.com), as Amazon will not recognize it as a valid email address.
We got it [Tap] at the Amazon@Penn promotional event, and the sound is absolutely amazing.
Also the Amazon@Penn employees are so wonderful, we can not wait to have everything shipped there in the future!
Best Regards,TP-Link Customer SupportKasa.Support@TP-Link.com"Update : 20 April 2017New email from company offering an option for new items with newest firmware pre installed.
i use to be able to an email from one account folder (jane@example.com [inbox]) and put it into an entirely different account and folder (doe@example2.com [cars]).
this phone did not work at all out side of the US, I bought that phone unlocked , this phone was AT@T.
WiFi issues will be fixed by putting your settings at what Intel recommends here: communities.intel.c@m/message/283535#2835351/27/2016*Update*Change the "@" to "o" in the URL.
If I can get an email at awesome6565@hotmail.com regarding the status of my replacement that would be great thanks!
That would be nice: noreply@leviton.comI did this run around with no workable links in emails 5 times on 3 devices.
Some people said the company will give you the code, or that you have to buy an unlock code but i can not find a trusted site so far, if you guys have any suggestions let me know abraga89@yahoo.es , thanks
in your reviews it said this phone is a on unlocked phone and would work on all t moble systems it does not it is locked in to metro pcs only and know i find out that this phone is $29.00 at metor pcs i fell that is strangefor this phone to be more then half the price of your store i like the phone but i was going to use the walmart family plan with this phonethankstonyd1536@gmail.com1 other thing you can ot move apps from phone to your sd card i called lg and the said you can not move apps
[...](press unlock and then put in your information and after that check your email)or if that does not work just search up boostmobile referral program and click the second link on google and click "were you referred" and type in the email kawiibear@hotmail.com -you should then get an email-~this is for those that would like 25 dollars credited to their account :)the other man that left his info did not go through so just putting mine out their for all of you!
Be warned, the device I received in my first attempt at trying this pre owned HTC device was an HTC prototype device.@Amazon fulfillment centers, you will need to do a check for the validity of all your trade ins.
microUSB v2.0 (MHL), USB Host (Note 2)CAMERA:Note3: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels,autofocus, LED flash, Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps (Note 3, Note the substantially improved camera resolution)Note 2: Front: 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, video: 1080p@30fps, check quality;
One of your service techs did help me around 8/29/17 and was supposed to send me an instruction email to my home email address (lorraineryan@embarqmail.com) but never did.
It is the first time that it happens with me after many years buying in AmazonAymone Fiscinaaffiscina@dow.com
ok so i love this phone clear calls just upgraded from the og hydro this one is much bigger faster in everyway it has a front camera even though you need a flood light for any selfies charges forever love it, just one gripe it says everywhere that its pma enabled, but what it does not tell you is wich pma device you should use I am new to the whole wireless charging so i bought a qi charger and totally does not work that is when i found out it is a pma only device but i have looked everywhere and they do not sell a pma charger for it how odd is that if anyone knows or has one that works please let me know at agentbrody@yahoo.com i really want one.
When your screen cracks and your phone no longer works, call Moto at 1-800-734-5870, asked to be transferred to the United States, wait on hold for 20 minutes, and then request to be transferred to the department that is specifically set up to handle Moto X gen 2 repair issues (apparently there are a lot of them), then send your complaint email to ceomoto@Motorola.com, wait 24 - 48 hours for a phone call, wait 24 hours for a box to mail repair order, wait 24 - 48 hours for your repair to return, and then realize you should have just listened to this review and went with IPhone or another Android.
microUSB v2.0 (MHL), USB Host (Note 2)CAMERA:Note3: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels,autofocus, LED flash, Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps (Note 3, Note the substantially improved camera resolution)Note 2: Front: 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, video: 1080p@30fps, check quality;
If any lawyers would like to represent me in a lawsuit against ether LG or Verizon please contact me via e-mail at watki65155chess@hotmail.com
Here are some facts that are difficult to obtain:- Call and get an RMA number- Return address for phone: VIRGIN MOBILE RETURNS CENTER 501 AIRTECH PKWY PLAINFIELD, IN 46168-7408 OrVirgin Mobile returnsc/o Brightpoint N America2675 Reeves Rd, suite 190PLAINFIELD, IN 46168- The price of the phone should be credited to your credit card- Ask that the automatic monthly payments be suspended until you buy your new phone (from Amazon of course)- How to reach a live person: Call 888-322-1122 Press 0 as soon as you hear "Alex", and keep pressing 0 for each request made for more information- You may get your plan changed to $35 per month instead of $25 per month.- If this happens, E-mail them at: Tier3@virginmobileusa.com Demand a Beyond Talk plan for $25- If all this fails, cancel your account, and start from the beginning.
You can always find answers on our frequently asked questions page ( http://visual-land.com/faqs.html ) or email us with questions at\r\nvl_support@visual-land.com\r\n.
Have not yet experienced a power outage and not sure how that will go but with the support team at Kasa.Support@tp-link.com we are fairly sure that will be a breeze also.
I rate kindle tablets with a five all the way but since i am have the kindle before this on i would really like to product test the all new kindle if possible because since i love th first on so much i believe this one is even better if possible that i can product review it please feel free to email me at ladouceurjoeadams@gmail.com thank you.
microUSB v2.0 (MHL), USB Host (Note 2)CAMERA:Note3: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels,autofocus, LED flash, Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps (Note 3, Note the substantially improved camera resolution)Note 2: Front: 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, video: 1080p@30fps, check quality;
And with AT@T, if you get a phone for them the plan is 45 dollars more a month, and with buying this one on my own, no increase in cost.
We already waste enough time posting daily updates on FB and Twitter and saving microseconds would not save us from the impending doom@2012.
One of my contact addresses is drewcife@gmail.com If you are the company and you are reading this, I still have the box and all it came with.
Please feel free to message or email me at laurenkwade@gmail.com if you have any additional questions or could assist in resolving this complaint.
I was sent by the free mason high chief to bring 32 members into the illuminate,I have gotten 22,so am looking for 10,,so try and be among the ten people to be rich and famous,contact me via Email us (Templeilluminati349@gmail.com) or whattsapp me on (+2347059953139) so we can begin the joining process!!!
United screw me over, and now I am in the airport wasting a vacation day because of their ineptitude, the crew as 1/2 hour late in NY, then when we got t Houston, they could not open the door, where in the plane from 8:41a-9:12a, and our connecting flight left@9:17a, he staff was rude, condescending.
I have emailed customercare@united.com, web-baggage@united.com and even kate.gebo@united.com, but have not gotten any reply or update at all
United should we contact jessica.rossman@united.com or oscar.munoz@united.com if we are no longer receiving a response on escalations?
On Jan 27, 2017, at 13:41, "mileageplus@united.com" Dear Mr. Masters, We are happy you find great value in our Premier program and we appreciate your business and loyalty.
In addition to the music video, I would love to have you discuss sync licensing opportunities with the song with my manager, John Nelson (mjmanager@att.net).
I would send an email to their PR team when you get home to let them know of the problem you encountered (ie rude social team and staff on plane) and how it was resolved (FA angel sitting next to you) media.relations@united.com.
can a rep contact me regarding a flight I have contact via sigmamom_1@att.net I have called every 800 you have listed have not received the help I need Thank you
Hey@AA, looks like the third international connection I am going to miss because of delays at baggage claim in customs at DFW.
I have sent 3 emails to customer.care@alaskaair.com to discuss this issue and have received absolutely no response.
For your convenience you may email your documents to brc-claimsdesk@united.com or fax to (281) 873-2188 or print and mail to, 900 Grand Plaza Dr., Houston, TX 77067.
If you have not received the refund at this point, please follow up with your credit card company or our Refunds department at refunds@united.com.
I filed the complaint this was all going on on my cell phone at EWR...here is my MileagePlus # HK524001...my email address is robertf@fortbendinvestigations.net
Please contact kevin@simplyeventsfl.com for more information and do not forget to click interested below to get event updates straight from #simplyeventsfl.
I already sent an email to brc-claimsdesk@united.com with the claim form, I just need a claim number to be able to ask for it directly.
"besupporthqs@united.com Your message was not delivered due to a permission or security issue.
United: Please email me directly at mlythcott@skeo.com to receive the additional information requested.
However, if you still wish to send your feedback kindly forward here after departure http://bit.ly/1MBq7sm or via mail to customer.relations@lufthansa.com.
She promised me that I should be getting an iternary for the same shortly at Chandhok.ruchita@gmail.com
gspicer@levineblit.com Y'all have moved me off of bulk head because a pilot was on board and wanted my seat.
My Flying Grandma book I wrote is rated 5 STARS on Amazon and in all the Stop Over Stores etc., or you can order at famuffy@aol.com.
Vinicio, please reach out to our MileagePlus team at MileagePlus@united.com with documents of your name change, MileagePlus number and ticket number of the flights you are referring to.
If you have not received the refund at this point, please follow up with your credit card company or our Refunds department at refunds@united.com.
Not sure when you are leaving but if you have a few days (nothing ever happens quickly when you are in a hurry), contact your local news station (me thinks we have contacts in that line of work :)), then have them contact United Media Relations (media.relations@united.com).
I received this email from DeltaAirlines@e.delta.com offering a complimentary upgrade to Delta Comfort specifically for my flight to PVG.
If so and you are willing to participate, please follow this link: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/L3FPZMG You can email me directly at c.tackett7107@email.ncu.edu from your work or school email address if you have any questions.
You may contact our colleagues on mail.objets.trouves@airfrance.fr If you have not received a reply within 10 days, it means the item was not found.
If you have not completed a Damage Report (PIR) at our Baggage Services desk in the Arrivals hall, you can also report damage to your bags within seven days of your arrival by emailing: admin@damagedluggage.com You will need to log into Damaged Luggage within 7 days of your flight.
Hi Siobhan, I have twice used the site you have provided to log the complaiint but have not received a reply as well as the following email addresses customer.service@easyjet.com, generationeasyJet@email.easyJet.com, bookings@email.easyJet.com.
Any damages discovered must be reported to them,please see email address here to report this to them-admin@damagedluggage.com Hope this helps
I just thought you should know that something in your system that sends emails from the bookings@email.easyjet.com address is flawed.
I am confused because I found this post, where someone received an email from regulations@infos-airfrance.com which is an official E-mail adress, too.
Good morning please see as follows: Booking ref: ERD12ZF Bookers name Mr Frank Martingale E-Mail zmartingale@aol.com Flight no. EZY891 Our boarding pass stated that we were allowed one cabin bag and one small bag (handbag) At the boarding gate I passed through first with our boarding passes my wife followed me I then heard shouting and the gate attendant had grabbed hold of my wife shouting she had to put her handbag in her cabin luggage she then grabbed for the bag that was over my wife's shoulder and tried to rip it off her at this time my wife had her gold chain and locket broken another gate attendant then came up and repeated that my wife had to put her handbag in her cabin luggage at which point I stepped in and wanting to board the plane put the handbag in my rucksack while my Wife tried to find her chain & locket she was trembling and near to tears she found the chain down inside her blouse and we boarded she was upset the whole flight she is 76 years old and should not have
Having agreed with your request, I have emailed your customer service (customer.services@easyjet.com) via my Hotmail account for claiming my compensation.
For all of you who have horror stories about being bumped off flights and abandoned abroad with no money, please contact tips@dailymail.com Lets stop them treating passengers like this.
As 5 days have gone past, please keep in touch with our baggage department via email secondarytracing@1stflight.co.uk or give us a call on +44 (0)333 5 777 070.
Gemma Louise narkevicius reference emxxptm due to fly 21 .5.2016 I have already called u a number of times and easy jet agreed to refund me of all my transfer fees plus 131,99 of half of my return flight I further emailed all my details as asked card details for the rufund my email address which u booked with us gemmaegypt@outlook.com and still no response I am discussed with the service .u are quick to take our Money but do not like to refund us I will continue to post in every Easyjet social media site and I have already informed the newspapers of this matter every phonecall is recorded as well as blank emails u keep sending .
If you have a Property Irregularity Report (PIR) you can use our online system for an update: http://spr.ly/6184BCBCk Alternatively you can contact the damage luggage department on this number +44 (0)333 5 777 070 or via the email address admin@damagedluggage.com For more info click here: http://spr.ly/6185BCBCZ I hope you can resolve this soon.
I visited WTS bagservice and they asked me to contact this email address (admin@damagedluggage.com) with the pictures attached because it was electronics that was damaged.
We can not handle luggage claims directly, so please contact them as soon as possible or send them an email at secondarytracing@1stflight.co.uk.
so after spending an hour on the phone to customer services, they told me to email them at customer.service@easyjet.com - a reply comes back saying that this email is now not being used
I then phoned and explained everything AGAIN to Dimitri, who then asked me to email customer.service@easyjet.com and attach the letter from the hospital and someone would come back to me to re-book flights.
Hello, I requested EU261 claim for cancelled flight 20 days ago with no response from your side (Flight on Sunday 26.6.2016 from Stanstead to Prague, jiri.vosecek@gmail.com).
If you need a letter for your insurance company, you can contact us by phone on +44 (0)333 5 777 070 or by email admin@damagedluggage.com.
Carolyn.McCall@easyjet.com because the reply I HAVE had lied and made no sense after many weeks of waiting a reply.
Eqw3mpn super escapes emilylongstaff@live.co.uk, I was due back from Barcelona to London Gatwick on 4th of august but it was cancelled
For that reason, and because now it is more than 5 days, you will need to email secondarytracing@1stflight.co.uk or give us a call on +44 (0)333 5 777 070.
donotreply@easyjet.com
Please indicate ou CS team the booking reference in the email and also the case reference and it to customer.service@easyjet.com Many thanks Hope you have a great weekend!
Our boarding passes please can you check that Easyjet have our correct email address its..... s.kenniford@ntlworld.com
If you wish to be contacted via email, our address is customer.service@easyjet.com I am also hiding your post, for security reasons, as it contains your personal data.
I then phoned and explained everything AGAIN to Dimitri, who then asked me to email customer.service@easyjet.com and attach the letter from the hospital and someone would come back to me to re-book flights.
change the address : customer.service@easyjet.com Strange (as they sent mails with customer.services@easyjet.com) but at least, it looks like the emails are delivered
I had an email from one of your staff, they used customer.service@easyjet.com When I replied to that address it bounced back.
Please note the my lawyer did not made the claim via Air France website but properly he sent an email to the mailaddess pointed above: AFADMIN@PEC.AFKL.IT actually I have no idea whether you know about the PEC emailing system;
Nick Harrison Hi Nick, Further to your message, I am afraid we are unable to provide you with another email address than this one: customer.service@easyjet.com.
If your baggage has been damaged, please have a look at this link for more details: http://www.easyjet.com/en/help/after-landing/lost-damaged-luggage Please note that if you are dissatisfied with the services that we provide and wish to make an official complaint, please send an email to: customer.service@easyjet.com We do hope that despite this experience, we will see you on board again.
I would like to advise you that if you are dissatisfied with the services that we provide and you wish to make an official complaint, please send an email to: customer.service@easyjet.com We do hope that despite this experience
Gemma Louise narkevicius reference emxxptm due to fly 21 .5.2016 I have already called u a number of times and easy jet agreed to refund me of all my transfer fees plus 131,99 of half of my return flight I further emailed all my details as asked card details for the rufund my email address which u booked with us gemmaegypt@outlook.com and still no response I am discussed with the service .u are quick to take our Money but do not like to refund us I will continue to post in every Easyjet social media site and I have already informed the newspapers of this matter every phonecall is recorded as well as blank emails u keep sending .
You can mail the letter to revivi@xs4all.nl Thanks in advance Itsiek Revivi this mail was my first mail to your costumer service on 24-3-2016 after this mail i got a very strange mail from you that in order to get this letter i need, i have to call costumer service via the tel. calling your center is really impossible so i wrote the flowing mail again: Hi Aatif, Thank you for youe mail.
i am very uoset with AAirline ,i traveled to Brazil on DECEMBER 19 th ,the tripwas reasonable ,and back was terrible ,i took the lane in Brasilia on January 08 /17 ,l was scared by size only two rows of seatsthere was no more space for my baggage l had to dispatch,then they had to deliver the pillows and the blankets,in the middle of the plane they would not have have any more ,they started appealing to the passengers they would ,(absurd) in the morning were to deliver to all passenger the form of immigration ,we also left without them because they no longer (ridiculous it)to pick u the luggage ,came half the bags ,1 hour wait ,almost lost the connection to Boston,there were women with children ,all had to run to not miss the flight ,this is unacceptable ,try to improve this because l hope not to fly more with AAirline International (my email is (Jucirleimiranda@yahoo.com)
