I had read about the noise problems on some other reviews, but really wanted to stay in a central location for a couple of days of sightseeing. Since I was only travelling with my 8-yr-old, I wasn't really interested in spending twice as much at one of the other centrally located hotels and made sure my room wasn't below the ballroom. The rooms and staff are very nice, and on our Friday night stay there was some loud hallway noise from other partying guests, but I could live with it. Unfortunately, there was a wedding on the 4th floor on Saturday night and starting around 9pm there were children and adults from the ballroom partying (screaming, having races, knocking on walls) in our hallways until midnight or later. I tried contacting the front desk (a reservations recording) and decided that since my daughter wasn't fully waking up I would just leave the T.V. on to drown out the voices and deal with it in the morning. The next morning when I told the front desk about the noise, she explained to me that they usually don't put anyone on that floor during a wedding. She couldn't really explain why they had put us there. Then, for some reason, she grilled me about exactly which button I was pushing to reach the front desk and exactly what time the noise stopped. She said the best she could do was refund me for that night, which was satisfactory to me since I will never be staying in another Kimpton hotel. Hotel Monaco is not such a great bargain after all. Next time I would gladly pay twice as much to stay somewhere where the hotel values all of its guests.
First time to Washington DC, we chose the Hamilton Crowne as part of a vacation package to celebrate our 8th Wedding Anniversary. We flew in to BWI airport which is *Gulp* a $65 cab fare to the hotel!! Don't do it! Take the bus to the Metro and ride the green line in, that trip costs about $4 (Wish the hotel would have told us about that when I called, but thankfully they told us about it when we left). The rooms are beautiful! The spa robes weren't in the room but a quick call to the front desk gets you the most wonderful spa robes imaginable! We loved them so much we purchased a pair! The staff was friendly and helpful, and the Concierge even loaned me her desk to check up on my business work. (Internet is only available on the top 4 floors of the hotel). You can walk everywhere from this hotel (And we did!) The White House is only a couple of blocks away, and the Metro station is right across the street. I loved this trip and I loved this hotel, I can't imagine staying anywhere else!
We stayed at the Radisson Nov. 11-13th and this hotel is fabulous. The rooms are spacious and clean with outrageous beds and bedding. The bathrooms are newly renovated and very mod. The locations is central to everything and the hotel staff was more than helpful and friendly. We got a room that backed up to the elevator and it sounded like a rollercoaster, and when I called for a new room they moved us across the hall and over one room within minutes. We were moved in less than 10 minutes and with no hassle what-so-ever! The most wonderful part of our stay was the CONCIERGE, JOHN HALLETT! He recommended ALL of our restaurants, shows and tours and never once steered us wrong. He chose everything according to our likes and dislikes and he was right on the money! He was attentive, interested and most importantly he became like a friend to my husband and I! Make sure you ask for John if you stay, he will send you to all the right places! Frank and Leslee Ent
My family and I stayed in three rooms over a recent weekend at the Ritz in DC. We stayed in the standard, non-upgrade rooms. Overall, we had a good experience, but I wouldn't call it excellent. Here are a few of the things we liked: 1) Room service was very prompt and pretty tasty. Took about 25 minutes during the afternoon (though it was a small order) 2) Bathrooms are HUGE, including a separate bath and shower, large sink, and a toilet with a door that you can close for privacy. 3) Lots of light comes into the rooms when you want it, but you can also close the curtains for darkness. 4) Staff was very courteous and polite. 5) Had clothes pressed quickly, though they do charge for that service 6) Beds are VERY comfortable, as is standard at all Ritz hotels. 7) General cleanliness of the rooms and hotel is high. 8) Cordless phones are a nice touch. 9) Pretty decent selection of TV stations, including many foreign ones. Here are a few of the things we didn't like: 1) Our shower leaked water all over the bathroom. And not a small amount, but a large pool of water that took several towels to clean up. This only occurred in one of the three rooms, so it was probably a room-specific issue. However, we were not compensated for it (didn't ask, though we told them about it at check-out) 2) Along the same lines, the toilet in the same room clogged and overflowed even though someone only did ~number 1~ in it. The maids had clearly flushed something down it that clogged it. Again, a room-specific issue, but not pleasant. (With the shower water and the toilet water all over the floor, we used slippers the rest of the time we were there) 3) The room service was VERY expensive, and INCLUDED a delivery charge as well as gratuity. 4) The clothes-pressing was also expensive, and is a service many luxury hotels offer for free. 5) The internet in the room is not free. 6) No wireless internet access in the rooms. 7) There is a health club open to the public on the second floor of the hotel. As a result, there is a lot of traffic in the elevators, and you need your room key to get to any floor, which is inconvenient and difficult to operate. Also, the health club is NOT free for hotel guests, which is ridiculous. 8) At the restaurant in the hotel, our breakfast took over 45 minutes to arrive and one of the orders was entirely incorrect. 9) The views are not terribly good. In two of the rooms, the view was on an interior ~courtyard~ and other rooms, which was not terribly attractive. The other side was worse, though, looking out onto an Exxon gas station and a construction site. Neither offered a view of any DC monuments, etc. 10) The location is near Dupont circle, but far away from many of DC's tourist attractions. Too far to walk, for sure. Look on a map before booking, though cabs are readily available at the hotel. In conclusion, it is a pretty nice hotel, and many of the above would not bother certain guests. It is much better than, say, the St. Regis hotel in DC. Keep in mind all of the extra costs, though, in addition to the room. If you have an elite membership in Starwood or another hotel program, you might be better served to use that and upgrade to a nice room at a slightly lower-scale hotel rather than stay at the Ritz where you pay for internet, clothes-pressing, and the health club. Our stay was pleasant, but we'd look at some of the other DC hotels on a subsequent visit.
The Omni was a great hotel. Very close to Metro Station. Staff very helpful with all details. Open City Diner across the street is a great place to eat, breakfast, lunch or late night (open to 3:00 AM) snack or coffee. The hotel offers breakfast, but we were not impressed with the food, plus we enjoyed the ~lively and more interesting customers at Open City for breakfast. Highly recommend Old Town Trolley first day to orient yourself and then go on your own with the Metro. Plenty of metro stations in town. Don't try to see everything in one visit. Relax and enjoy the hotel and sit in the outside seating at Open City and enjoy the Washington activity go by. Some notes about ~tourist things~. To receive tickets for the Capital your entire party has to be present and you get in line EARLY around 6:00 or so during the summer. You also have to get in line EARLY for tickets to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (where the money is made) to get tickets. Don't miss the Washington Cathedral and Libray of Congress. Outstanding buildings to see and sometimes overlooked by visitors. One other thing we HIGHLY recommend is the Old Town Trolley night time ride. Memorials are pretty at night and the driver has to worry about the traffic especially at Lincoln Memorial where it got kind of crazy with a lot of buses, limos and taxis fighting for the few parking places. Great city......
Just back from a 4 day stay at the Capital Hilton and really cannot fault the hotel at all. It's maybe not the most modern in the city, but the room was spacious, the service excellent and the location just a couple of blocks from the White House was hard to beat. Great breakfasts too. I think the hotel makes a perfect base for sightseeing and it would be ideal for business too. Didn't have time to go to the Spa, but it looked impressive. No major complaints at all - just a good, solid, reliable hotel and I would certainly return.
As a relative local, I knew we were choosing a great location for our weekend in the city. The Westin is connected to an endless complex of upscale shops (Gucci, Neiman Marcus, Pink, Tiffany, Coach, etc.) and restaurants, all connected by enclosed walkways that are welcome during frigid weather like that we experienced this weekend. It's also right beside the Boston Public Library and a short walk to Newbury Street, Trinity Church, the South End, etc. But the hotel itself is clean, calm, and comfortable. We had a junior suite on the 34th floor (Starwood Preferred Guest floor - definitely join the program for the upgrades) with spectacular views of the city and that terrific Westin king-sized bed. Bathroom was small but serviceable. Every staffer we dealt with was friendly and accommodating, and all requests were handled promptly. We mentioned that we were celebrating a special occasion, and found a handwritten card and candy plate waiting in our room. We requested extra pillows - they appeared within minutes, and were followed by a phone call just to make sure they had arrived. The heating system worked well, and there was no excessive noise. Gripes: I loathe the fluorescent light bulbs, but alas they are more and more common. Also, drawer space was lacking - just 3 in the armoire. Overall, though, we found it to be a wonderful experience, and will definitely return.
Stayed at the Omni Parker for a couple of nights at end of a tour of new Hampshire and certainly picked a winner. The location is brilliant, within walking distance of Qunicy market, right on the Freedom Trail and near to the park. Our room was lovely with two comfy queen beds and lots of pillows to sink into after a day walking around Boston. The bathroom was clean and traditionnal with little extras like sewing kits, mouth wash and cotton wool provided. Staff were friendly and helpful and would definitely stay here again if in Boston.
We stayed there for 3 nights in January and found it really relaxing after long days sightseeing. loved the hotel and got a special deal including breakfast for $149 per room from MOTT. Our room overlooked the street but the area was quiet at night time and we had no problem sleeping. The hotel is in a good location as its not too far to a number of T stops and close enought to walk to Boston Common, the Harbour etc. The only complaint I would have is that on one evening we wanted to eat in as it was so cold outside but the cafe closes at 4 so the only choice is too eat at The Julien which appeared a bit too fancy for us on that occasion (i.e. we did n't feel like dressing up for dinner). We ordered room service instead and that was fine.
Came into DC for a conference and stayed here because the conference was here at the Capital Hilton. The room was clean and nice with two double beds and a good view. The location was pretty good being close to the national mall so you could walk a lot of places. Staff was so-so, nothing to write home about. Bartender was nice and talkative. I would stay there again, if I got a good deal.
The pictures show a ~charming old hotel~ which was something I was looking for. The reality couldn't be more different. No security, dirty, broken elevator (it has been broken for 8 months, could you believe it?). The tini tiny room was dirty, the carpet rotten, stains on the linoleum floor of the bathroom, the walls were rotten and appear to be made from cardboard, I am not lying. I complained with Travelocity and they told me they have been having too many complaints from this hotel and gave me a $100 certificate in return. I spent only one night and head for the Holiday Inn across the street for only $30 extra per night. You want two words to describe this hotel? Homeless Shelter! See the pictures attached to this review, you will see what I am talking about. PLEASE< PLEASE avoid this rotten hell hole, I am being serious and objective here.
My husband and I stayed at the Lenox 3rd to 8th September 2003 and overall we were quite disappointed, considering some of the good reviews we had read prior to booking. The hotel is a bit of a paradox, some areas/aspects are very good, whereas others are quite shabby. Overall, I would say that the hotel exudes an air of faded grandeur. On the plus side, the location is fantastic and right in the heart of the city. We had a junior suite and the rate we paid was reasonable, as the room was quite large. In addition, unlike one of the previous reviewers, we found the beds to be very comfortable. The City Bar and the Azure Restaurant were quite excellent and the standard of cleanliness and decor seemed to be at odds with the lobby and other public areas - I suspect these two areas have been very recently renovated and are kept in tip-top shape because they are also frequented by non-residents. On the down side, the lobby and elevator areas were quite scruffy and made me feel like I wanted to check out before I had even seen the room. The first impressions were even worse when we exited the elevator, as the corridor/hallway was dark and gloomy and it looked like the carpet hadn't been vacuumed in quite a while. On entering the room, I must admit that it was quite spacious and reasonably tastefully decorated but it was a little gloomy with a terrible view of a side alley and Lord & Taylor's roof. It also had quite a musty smell, even for such an old building. After a quick inspection, we found that the room and (large) bathroom were actually quite clean so the immediate urge to leave subsided. As we arrived quite late in the evening, we went out almost immediately for dinner. On returning to our room, we decided to have a night cap, only to find that room service ended at 11 p.m. and there was no minibar in the room. The guest information booklet informed us that vending machines were located in the hotel but these were not very well stocked and my husband ended up going out again to purchase some soft drinks. By this time, I had ventured in to the spacious but shabby closet which had an even mustier smell than the bedroom and was topped off by some very unattractive stained polystyrene ceiling tiles and I must admit the urge to check out returned. After a disturbed nights sleep (due to noisy air conditioning) we decided to try the Four Seasons because last time we were in Boston we stayed there and although it was expensive it was excellent. No such luck this time as the hotel was fully booked, due to the fact that Bruce Springsteen and his entourage were in town. Anyway, we decided to stay put and I must admit that after the second night, we became accustomed to our surroundings and overall we felt that although the hotel was by no means excellent it did represent good value for money and the location was a bonus. Regarding the staff, on the whole they were friendly and helpful but not paricularly enthusiastic; with one exception. On Friday and Saturday evening we met Jimmy, a guy in his eighties who has worked at the Lenox for a long time (I think he said over forty years). He may be one of the ~Old School~ but despite his many years of service he was still well turned out (smartly dressed) polite, entertaining, enthusiastic and knew the meaning of the term ~Customer Service~. I must say he brightened our stay. We would only stay at the Lenox again if the rest of the hotel was totally refurbished to the standard we saw in the City Bar and Azure restaurant.
we stayed for one night in july,we booked a one room suite.the rooms were spacious and clean.I slept on the pull out sofa bed which was uncomfortable,my friend took the bedroom and said the bed was good.The location is excellent,right off of N st., short walk (5min.) to harbor which is cool.we paid altogether w/tax $165.00 for the night,very reasonable.
Modern, very cool rooms. Immaculate, very comfortable & has everything you need. Not suitable for children. Love the decor & artwork! Beds & showers are great!
Although we only had 4 nights in Boston, the hotel staff looked after us very well and the service could not be questioned. The room was first class, very clean, fresh and equipped with all the mod-cons that make your stay that little bit better. The location of the hotel is perfect for all the attractions of the city centre, based in the theatre district you are just a short walk from the many shops, bars and eateries. I would recommend The Tremont Hotel to anyone and I look forward to visiting the city again in the future. Thank you for a smashing holiday.
My husband and I stayed in the Melrose last Novemeber. I found a great deal on Hotels...$79 a night, so I figured I would give it a shot. I was a little nervous about this, since it was such a good price, and we had never been to DC before. We were VERY pleasantly suprised when we arrived. It was only a block or 2 from the metro station. The room was really large for the price and looked newley renovated. The service was a little sub-par. My husband asked for a razor to be brought up to the room and the gal on the phone huffed and acted like it was a major inconvience. Then the razor never showed up. On our way out we told the front desk about this, and they said sorry , but acted as if it was not a big deal. When we arrived home I emailed corporate and they offered a discount on our next visit (which wont be soon seeing as we live in CA), but that was nice of them. Overall, we were impressed with the deal we received. I may look at it differently if we paid good money for the room. I would say 150 or less, and stay there. If it is more, go elsewhere.
We were there 27May for 3ni. and again 2Jun for 2ni. We had a great time. Hotel is in a great location. Very close to local attractions. Service was great. We stayed in an executive room and it was huge. It had to have been close to the size of 2 rooms. The bathroom was small, but it wasn't anything to complain about. The staff was very friendly and the concierge was very helpful. There is a subway stop a couple blocks away. Sign up for Omni Select Guest before you go. They will bring you drinks every morning. Choice of Coke, Diet Coke, Apple Juice, Orange Juice, Milk, Evian, Etc. I recommend eating in Litte Italy. Great cuisine and pastries.
I have come to this hotel for many years when in town and it has now renovated its rooms. It is now a Courtyard hotel, where it was a Wyndham before. My room had a flat screen plasma tv and a very comfortable bed. The decor in these new rooms is very up to date and a great change from the previous decor. The room seemed to be full of light with bright color chioces. As always there was a very warm welcome from the bellman William who now recognizes me! A great new look with great service!
Stayed for 3 nights at the sofitel - service and location were exceptional the rooms were fantastic and couldn't have wanted better
I have travelled all over the world, and paid dearly for it as I usually travel alone. But thus was the smallest single room I have ever stayed in.
Too many issues to list but stayed at many different Ritz in other states and would NEVER ever recommend this one to anyone. The caliber of service from front desk, housekeeping and staff were on par with the motel 6.
You can't get a better location if you need to be involved with hospitals in the area. The Best Western Longwood offered a comfortable respite after a long day at Children's. The rooms are the other really good feature about the hotel. Very comfortable beds and very clean too. The toiletries might have been of better quality and some conditioner and lotion would have been welcome additions to the one small vial of shampoo. There is a coffee maker, however. The desk staff was courteous but not overly friendly. Because I know the city, though, I didn't have many questions for them. Be sure to ask for a medical discount but be prepared to pay a lot for tax and parking (cheaper to park in hospital garage and walk.)
This hotel will frequently offer the lowest rates of many Washington hotels when one does a search on Expedia or Orbitz and the like, but that is not because it is lacking in quality. Rooms at this property (I stayed at the Harbour building on 29th street) are huge with spacious living and bedroom areas and more than enough closet space, one of which was a giant walk-in closet with a bureau inside. The kitchen is small, but tidy, with all major appliances including a stove and dishwasher and plenty of utensils, pots and pans. Furniture is somewhat retro 1980s/early 1990s with some newer pieces thrown in, but it really (seriously!) works at this hotel because it is all clean and well taken care of. I have to say I found the pseudo-retro look appealing since everything was so clean. Beds were delightful. Nice and soft. Continental breakfast was more than enough with many high-end nutritional cereals (like Smart Start). In terms of location, the hotel is located across the street from the Four Seasons in Georgetown so it is a wonderful location. Why the hotel's rates are so low heaven only knows? But this place is the real deal. So take advantage of its great rates, great suites and great location at a price that's literally a steal for Washington DC or Northern Virginia, but a full-fledged bank robbery for Georgetown right by the canal and bustling M street on the end of M street closer to downtown DC. Cheers!
The Willard is quite simply a wonderful hotel.The building itself is historic and is redolent with history and tradition.The modernization has been sympathetically done - preserving its character whilst providing modern amenities.It has the best location in town - next door to the White House and the Mall - and a fabulous staff who are, without exception, both friendly and attentive.The concierge desk is the best which I have ever come across in a lifetime of international travel, knowledgeable, efficient, helpful.There are some great views from the rooms and the one in which I stayed was very comfortable indeed.This hotel is really well-run and staying there was a real joy.
Avoid room 318. We stayed in this room for 5 nights from 27 September. The room was OK if a trifle dowdy but the window is obscured by an enormous dome above the conference suite. This meant that daylight did not penetrate at all and you need all the room's inadequate lights on at any hour of the day and had to leave the hotel to find out what the weather was like. Staff were not helpful and as both entrances have stairs up to reception we had to struggle with our considerable luggage. Good location but not good value for the money we paid.
My family of four stayed here in April of 2005. We have two small kids, ages 2 and 4 at the time. We had a room with two queen beds, a kitchenette, and a pretty nice bathroom with separate vanity area. My husband bid on Priceline and got if for 90 dollars. The room was dated but clean. We had a view of a brick building. The kitchenette came in handy to store milk and juice for the kids, snacks, etc. There is a CVS drug store right next to the hotel. I liked the bathroom. Although it was old, it was clean. The water is extremely hot, especially in the kitchen. The vanity area was nice to sit down and get dressed and do your hair, etc. We didn't eat the complimentary breakfast. We heard it was served in a smaller room and decided to go out instead. There is a nice cafeteria down the road next to the Red Cross building. I think it's called Java City Café. There is a café and a huge cafeteria with all sorts of delicious breakfast items. I mainly saw workers, but it is open to the public. I can't comment on the front desk, since my husband went in and I stayed in the car. The parking garage was crammed full, but wasn't a problem. There were employees there to move vehicles if need be. Overall the hotel was fine and met our needs. It was clean and comfortable. I wouldn't pay much over a hundred dollars per night though. The location was excellent.
My family and I (wife & 4 kids) stayed at this property for 1 week in July. If you are willing to trade location off against better service, nicer rooms, or evening entertainment, it is probably best that you do so. If location is the most important thing for you on your trip (as it was with us), I'm not sure there is a better located hotel, 10-15 minutes from most of the major attractions on the mall. LOCATION As we were traveling with 2 children below the age of 4, proximity to the Mall was key for us and indeed, the location did not disappoint. The hotel was literally a block from the Air & Space Museum and no more than a 10-15 minute walk to the Capitol on on end of the Mall and the Washington Monument near its mid-point. The Lincoln Memorial, Jefferson Memorial and war Memorials were too far to walk, so we rode the TourMobile to reach those destinations as well as Arlington National Cemetary. In addition, there is a Metro station 1 block away for easy transport to other sights further afield. Even with small children and strollers, the Washington DC Metro is easy to use (comparing it to our experiences in NYC in particular). Beyond this, the benefits of the location are limited. The restaurants in the area are fast food (McDonald's, Nathan's Hot Dogs) and cater to the government workers in the surrounding buildings and as such, close at around 7-8 pm (McDonald's was open the latest). Room service in the hotel is limited/expensive, so a late dinner means travelling a bit. We usually quite enjoyed the 15 min walk to Union Station which has both a food court and sit down restaurants open later into the evening. Other than this, it's either the Metro or a cab to further destinations. With 4 children, we were not planning many/any evenings out. However, we did notice that hotels closer to the White House seemed to have more active evening activities, though seemed a bit longer a walk to the Mall. ROOMS/FACILITIES The rooms were pretty standard fare for a Holiday Inn. Beds were a bit soft. Carpet felt a bit musty (but I suspect this may have been due to the extensive rains/flooding that had occurred in the previous weeks prior to our arrival). The one disappointment was the water pressure in the bathrooms. Even by Holiday Inn standards, I found the water pressure to be low. Housekeeping, I must say was exceptional in terms of their service. With 4 kids in 2 rooms, they always did a good job of returning the room to its original state before we returned from our day out! Our room did overlook the train tracks and, as others have indicated, the horn/whistle is audible throughout the night. We are all heavy sleepers, so we weren't troubled at all by it and as my 3 year old loves trains, he got a kick out of seeing the engines go by in the morning before we departed for the day. We did use the guest laundry during our stay. Washing machines and dryers were $1 each. However, washing machines didn't do a particularly good job rinsing the detergent off, so we had to run the machines twice (no detergent the 2nd time) to ensure the rinse cycle was thorough. Similarly, dryers needed a double run for blue jeans and heavy items. SERVICE Having read some of the reviews about service at this property, we were concerned prior to our arrival. However, having interacted on several occassions with the front deskn during our stay, I found them to be as accommodating as they could be in terms of (1) getting us the connecting rooms we had reserved and (2) reversing a billing error upon check out. In addition, our flight arrived 2 hours late and we arrived at the hotel at close to midnight, the front desk staff went out of their way to be helpful in suggesting late night delivery sevices for food for my 4 children. On balance, we were quite happy with the level of service and found it to be a little bit above what we would have expected for this class of property.
From Rochesster, NY: Stayed at St. Gregory's over the Easter Holiday. About 3-4 blocks from the heart of Georgetown, and perhaps a 6 block walk to the White House and mall. Very clean, nicely appointed. Not noisy---we did have a room towards the rear of the hotel. A great sitting area, adjacent to the lobby. Reasonably priced. Cafe is pricey for breakfast. Fitness center is small but was not busy. One pc available for guest use at price (in ~businss center~). Reminds me of some smaller upscale European properties. Would defintely stay there again. A nice find.
This hotel offers a decent room at a decent price at a great location, a half-block from Copley Square. I could walk almost anywhere I wanted to go: Boston Commons/Public Garden, Quincy Market, Symphony Hall, Fenway Park, and many of the historic sites. (All right, I walk a lot.) Newbury St. is right around the corner. For bad weather or longer hauls, the Copley T stop is steps away. As for the hotel itself, the staff was friendly and usually helpful, the small lounge was nice, and the modest continental breakfast is a plus. So are free local calls and the CD stereo. One odd touch: a tiny refrigerator kept stocked with bottles of spring water. Now for the annoyances. Number one: the rooms are TINY. Mine was just about large enough for myself. Also, there wasn't a closet per se; you have to hang jackets, slacks and shirts in a floor-level cabinet space. (Real wood hangers, though.) Coats go on the hook by the door. Heating/Air Conditioning is on the noisy side, though not egregiously so, but setting the control so that you neither freeze nor roast can be tricky. Operating the cable TV can be a problem for the technologically challenged, and the set is at an odd angle, but you should eventually get the hang of it. My biggest gripe is the lighting: besides the nighttable lamps, there was only a none-too-bright floor lamp. One desk guy told me I could have had another lamp shortly before I was going to check out. Oh, yes, there's a computer and printer in the lounge. But it was virus-ridden and useless when I had to print my return boarding pass. Fortunately there's an internet cafe at 252 Newbury, a couple of blocks away, though it's not open terribly late. The minuses didn't spoil my sleep; that and the location made this a positive experience for me. On my next trip, though, I will check out other hotels as well as this one.
Went down to DC to visit family for the weekend and stayed here. The location is very nice--a lovely part of Capitol Hill. It is just steps from the Library of Congress and there is a very pretty Catholic Church across the street. It's wiithin walking distance to a number of restaurants and to Eastern Market which was jumping on the weekend with crafts, food stalls etc. Is it a little worn, yes. But the bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the staff very nice. We even found street parking. There were six of us who stayed here and we all agreed that we would stay again.
I'll start by saying that I'm more of a ~Holiday Inn~ person than a Sheraton/Hilton type. So I get frustrated when I pay double the room rate and get half the amenities that I'd get at a Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn. The location was definitely the main asset of this place. It was only a few blocks from the Hynes Center subway stop and it was easy to walk to some good restaurants in the Back Bay area. Boylston isn't far off at all. So I had no trouble with foregoing a rental car and taking the subway from the airport to the hotel and using the subway for any other travel. Otherwise, they make you pay for anything and everything. And when you've already dropped $215/night on the room, that gets frustrating. The room itself was decent, about what I would expect. Staff was also average, not bad and not excellent. Again, I think you're paying for location and the ability to walk to a lot of good stuff. But I think next time I'll stay in Brookline, get more amenities, and use the subway a bit more.
Stayed here for just one night but found everything to be really good. We had a suite with a mini kitchen including an oven, hobs and fridge/freezer. There were 2 queen beds, 2 TVs, one a large flat-screen. The rainy season hit DC with a vengeance during our stay so we dined in the hotel. The price was very reasonable and the food was excellent as was the 3.95 dollar martini that they serve all day. Despite the rain, we walked to The White House which is about 15 minutes away. The staff were very helpful, friendly and courteous and arranged a Washington hop-on, hop-off tour for us. This was very good value and allowed us to see all the main sites easily. The hotel is very close to Du Pont Circle and it's restaurants and bars. I would certainly recommend this hotel.
The Chandler Inn changed my room 3 times - I reserved a non-smoking room, and was placed in a smoking room. The halls, even in non-smoking, stink of stale smoke. There was no hot water(!) in my bathroom. The beds have 1 sheet and no mattress pad. The pillows are stained and have 1 pillow case, no cover. The bathroom has mold all over the tub lining. The noisy wall-unit air conditioner serves useful only as a noise-blocker for the bar below the hotel.
I come to Boston all the time for very short trips. I was able to check in early with no problems. The staff was very friendly. I requested a refrigerator for my room and that had it to my room in less than 10 minutes complimentary. Had a nice view of the Bridge from my room. Shuttle service was very courteous. Room was very clean and bed very comfortable. Will stay again.
My friends and I stayed at the Hotel Buckminster for 2 nights for a Fenway trip for our hometown Philadelphia Phillies. Upon check-in we arrived 4 hours prior to the check-in time of 3pm. They gave us a room early so that we did not have to wait around. They were always nice, the maids were always on time and checked in with us to see what we needed. We had a very veyr spacious 2 rooms that were supplied wuith atleast 3 beds in each. The rooms were very clean and the bathrooms were huge. The continental breakfast was not anyhting to be desired but the location is great none the less. There is a Pizzeria Uno right downstairs, Mcdonalds across the street, and a bertuccis as well. I recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone!!! Do not believe the other terrible reviews prior to this.. they are either picky, miserable, or outright looking for things to find wrong!! Enjoy Boston!!
Spent one night here last weekend after booking through Hotwire for $77 so we got what we paid for. The lobby is pretty plain and smelled a little ~fishy~ when we arrived, but that may have been due to what they were cooking in the restaurant. I stayed in Room #1018 and overlooked a parking lot and although there is some construction going on close to the hotel, I didn't hear a thing. The room was very standard, although the bathroom was pretty small and definitley needs upgrading. Ended up in a smoking room and as I'm not a smoker, this wasn't too pleasant but still, not the end of the world. A short walk to Charles Street (try the Paramount for Brunch!!), Quincy Market and easy access to Beacon Hill area are good reasons to stay here. Unfortunately, I had to transfer to a Hotel in Cambridge for the remainder of the trip which was not ideal for acitivities in Central Boston! Lastly, the cab ride from the airport to the Holiday Inn was $26US.
The front desk staff were rude and inattentive during my whole stay and then as I checked out the worst one tried to schmooze me into staying there again next time I come to DC. The elevators don't usually work and if they do expect to wait a while. It is, however, only 3 blocks off Dupont Circle.
My family and I stayed here to catch the Red Sox/Devil Rays series. We arrived by Amtrak, walked to the hotel and had no problems. The hotel is perfectly located between 2 T-train stops on 2 different color lines. Both are easily within walking distance. Fanneiul Hall is a short walk as well. The hotel itself was nothing stupendous, but I need a clean, comfortable room, and that was what I got. No noise from construction AT ALL. The pool was nice - protected outside on the second floor with a lifeguard. Didn't eat in the restaurant - that was what Fanneiul Hall was for!! Staff was friendly and very helpful in making shuttle arrangements, advising which route is easiest to the theatre district... very knowledgable. When we return to Boston, we will definitely stay here again. Good value.
I picked this hotel for its convenient location, even though I had misgivings because of the inconsistent reviews. I took the advice of a few reviewers and signed up for the frequent guest program. I arrived with great trepidation over spending a lot of money for a hotel I wasn't sure about in a city I wasn't familiar with. What a pleasant surprise! The front desk staff was friendly and helpful and our room was huge. It almost made up for the fact that the bathroom was one of the tiniest I've every seen. The location was terrific....close to Quincy Market, the North End, the wharf, the ~T~ and on the Freedom Trail. A historical church and cemetery are right across the street and make for an interesting visit. We didn't realize the hotel had so much historical significance until we took a city tour and the tour guide pointed it out. Apparently JFK proposed to Jacqueline here and it has been the site of many historic visits and celebrations. We walked or took the ~T~ almost everywhere. We ate in the bar one night and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food....nothing fancy, but hot and well prepared. If you sign up for the frequent guest program, you get free coffee and newspaper in the morning. And they'll leave the coffee outside the door so you don't have to answer it in your PJs (or whatever). My only complaint (other than the tiny bathroom) is that upon leaving I told the front desk that we had a large bottle of water from the minibar. She acknowledged, but did not add it to our bill, so we assumed it was free. When an additional charge appeared on my credit card, I had to call the hotel about it and found out it was for the water. The explanation was that minibar charges aren't added to your bill until the bar is checked following your departure. If they had told me this when I checked out, it would have saved me a long-distance telephone call. Overall, we had a great stay.
This hotel experience was horrible for what you pay for. Expecting a pleasant Valentines Day weekend, We were very displeased to walk into a lobby that smelled like the streets of South Boston after the St Patricks Day Parade. After locating the 2x2 window that the Front desk is in we made our way up to the room. The carpets have not been replaced since the building went up, the bed spread and curtains were as dirty as the lobby smelled, the chipped walls and peelling wallpaper added the worn look that unfortunately we were not looking for. THe room was furnished nicely and the pillows were comfortable, but I forgot my slippers so walking on the floor had to be done with caution.
My husband and I stayed at this Embassy Suites from 03/09/06 to 03/13/06. Our hotwire price was $106/night for a kingsize bed suite. I could not have been more thrilled with this hotel. I understand it's only 4 months old and was happy to see things working so smoothly. This is a beautiful hotel and the staff was great. We arrived very late Thursday night, exhausted and ready for a cozy comfortable bed. The night staff that checked us in did it quickly, explained breakfast serving times for the next morning and sent us up to bed. The room was nicely appointed, the kingsize bed was really comfortable and included 5 pillows! There was an extra blanket in the living room so I could take my pillow and the extra blanket and snuggle up on the couch and read to my heart's content the next morning, while my husband slept in the next room. Although I could hear the children in the room next door to us while I was sitting on the couch reading, I was unable to hear those children from our bedroom. The suite included a wet bar, safe, small refrigerator, coffee pot and microwave. The bathroom was medium sized and well stocked. The room was well cleaned and very welcoming. The housekeeping staff always had a kind greeting as we passed them and they were very quiet as they cleaned the rooms around us the one morning we slept in. Even when they were talking to each other in the hallway, they did it in a near whisper. The concierge staff was wonderful! They could direct us to all the places we were heading to and were able to accurately tell us how long it would take us to walk or if we should consider a taxi. We planned to use the Metro and were comforted to find the Metro Center stop was only about 3 blocks away, and the Chinatown/Gallery Place stop was about 2 blocks from our hotel. We thought this location was great! We had made tour arrangements at the White House for Friday morning, it was a 15 minute walk from our hotel. We enjoyed the cook to order breakfast each morning, the food was delicious and plentiful. We saw no evidence of long lines or poorly stocked buffet area. The restaurant was clean and we had no problems finding a table. I can not find a negative memory from this hotel. It's a great place to stay and will stay there again on my next trip to DC.
Was sent here on a referral from a friend the first time. Service was outstanding, rooms were small but very clean. Second time made my reservations directly with the hotel (it seems cheaper than hotels.com) they welcomed me back! Got upgraded to a larger room than before. Nice hotel will continue to come back.
You can't complain about this hotel. For location, cost, quality and service it was a great hotel (no hotel deserves excellent). Location - 2 minutes walk from McPherson Square Metro, National Airport is 20 minutes away. The White House is 5 minutes walk, Washington Monument a brisk 15 minutes. Ok - the area is not flush with restaurants but the Metro makes any only 30 minutes away. Cost - we got charged a flat $175 for 5 nights in a superior double (2 queens) when the 3rd, 4th and 5th should have been racked upto $275. Bar food is reasonably priced as is bar food - but who eats in Hotel restaurants ?? Quality - Great room, great beds - no view (in our room) but who cares you don't stay in your room to look at the view from your room ?!?. Boutique-style but not pretentious. Service - couldn't fault what we used of it. Front desk were efficient and courteous, Concierge knowledgable and quick to help out reserving restaurants and making suggestions for lunch on Thanksgiving), Door-men very friendly. Tips - walk to places (Capitol is a great 40 minute stroll) get the Metro back - it's all very safe. Ebbit Grill is great value for money. Don't bother with Georgia Brown's - way over-priced unless your going to eat all Sunday and not do anything else. We found Georgetown over-rated - Just like Marlow, Bucks. (England) and Manchester (England) rolled into one (probably a novelty for U.S. citizens. The Deli round the corner (Loeb's ???) is good for breakfast. Brunch at the Market Lunch (Eastern Market) is a must). Anyway find out yourself but don't go complaining.
I'll begin at the beginning. 35 members of my family booked more than a dozen rooms at this hotel from 7/28-8/2. The service was almost nonexistant. Upon check-in, most of the rooms had to be changed at least once due to horrible smells, pealing paint (lead?) on windowsills where children were staying, plumbing that didn't work right and non-working air conditioning units. The staff was not cooperative and acted as if we were putting them out. One of my uncles had requested a refrigerator for his insulin when making his resevation and after getting in the 4th room, he put his medication in only to find it frozen the next morning when he went to use it. When my cousin asked the manager at the front desk for the telephone number of the local drugstore so his doctor could call in a replacement, she was told that he was busy & it was only a couple blocks away so she should just walk there. When she pointed out that his medication froze in the hotel's malfunctioning refrigerator, he got the number for her. We were not allowed to use the pool for 2 of our 5 days there because they had private parties. The service in the bar was very slow and unfriendly...again we were treated as if we were a inconvenience. Any complaints directed to the manager were met with ambivilance. We tried to find out who the parent company for this hotel is to lodge a complaint, but came up with nothing. The bottom line is; I would never stay at this hotel again and neither will anyone in my very large extended family.
My wife and two children just got back from our 4 night stay in Boston. The Omni Parker House was an excellent choice and everything we had expected. The location is fantastic as we were only a couple minute walk from Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market as well as the Old State House. The hotel is directly across the street from the freedom trail path. My only negative was that our room had two double beds and there was no room for anything else. But we had expected this from prior reviews so I can't be too upset about this. My advice is this: If you want to spend time in your room, this may not be the hotel for you. If you just want to sleep there, then have a great time!
Very accomodating. Room wasn't ready when we got there. The manager paid for our lunch while we waited. Room was clean and large. Any problems, talk to manager, he will take care of them. Everyone was polite and willing to help you if needed. The shuttle ran every half hour and was great. Took metro from union station to everything you would want to see. I felt safe and would definately stay there again. Such a convenient location. Room could use a little updating, which they are in the process of doing. Highly recommend for someone who is there to see the sights and gone most of day. Each room has a microwave and frig.
We stayed at Nine Zero over Labor Day Weekend. We arrived in the morning not expecting our room to be ready, but they upgraded us to a fantastic room right away. The rooms are nicely appointed and the beds and linens are wonderful. The concierge was very helpful and got us an excellent table at an Italian resturant called Lucca's-which had very good food. Definitely would stay there again.
We have been visiting Boston for over 5 years as our daughter is in her last year at Northeastern. We have stayed at many hotels in Boston. This was the first time that we were priviledged to stay at the Hilton for First Night. EVERYONE at the hotel was VERY friendly and went out of their way to be very helpful. It was unbelievable! My favorite story was when my daughter and I were in the elevator and a man from room service got on with a luncheon tray and asked us if we ordered room service. He said it was a new service for the New Year - serving lunch in the elevator! That is just a sample of the open friendliness that occurred. The rooms were wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed our 4 days there for First Night! Many thanks!
Ok, the hotel is on the older side, but try finding another hotel in DC like this one for $99 a night. It's not going to happen. The room is a very decent size and was for the most part clean. The metro is about a 2 minute walk, maybe a little over a city block, very convenient. The staff were friendly and helpful. Restaurant/bar/in-hotel stores were extremely over priced. ($3.00 for a small bottle of water). Go to CVS across the street for stuff like that, or go to one of the many different types of restaurants around the city. Parking was steep - $22/day, but that's how it is all over the city. all in all, i enjoyed the hotel and definitely would stay there again.
I booked a room with double bed for one night on 12-28-02. I reched the hotel at around 12 pm and was told that i have a confirm booking, but the check-in- time is 3 pm, so we left and came back at about 10 pm, to my surprise i was told that all the room with double bed are gone, since booking does not mean anything and it was first come first serve, ok i told them that i was here at 12 pm and was told that i have a double bed room booked for me, so now what happened, REPLY was we are over booked. I had to spend 1 hour and settle down with 1 bed room at 11 pm. We went in the room and room was FILTHY FILTHY AND FILTHY,. I was really surprised to see the NASTY room and could not under stand that BEST WESTON hotel are like this, IT's SHAME ON BEST WESTON, i am planning to write an artical in the leading news paper so that people know what they are getting into when they book BEST WESTON hotel.
The hotel is only one block from the Shakespeare Theatre which we were going to see a play at so we decided to stay here. My husband and I had a very pleasant stay. The decor was fun, the staff was nice. It was my husband's birthday so I arranged to have a bottle of wine in our room upon arrival along with a goldfish. The wine was there, but not the goldfish. Oh well, at least the most important thing was there. After the performance, we stopped at their little restaurant for dessert. I was dissapointed by the service and quality of the dessert so we wont do that again. But I would stay at the hotel again. Housekeeping was very good too.
Hi, I'm 15 and would like to share my story of my....vacation....at the Allen Lee Hotel. The best thing I can think to write is a story I turned in for LA about the place. Enjoy! Washington, D.C., a place of beauty, power and history. The Allen Lee Hotel is an example of all three. The hotel is over 100 years old. I don't know how many people have had the misfortune of staying at the Allen Lee Hotel, but I pity for each person who has. The night we arrived in D.C. we were happy to know that our hotel was close and that it was in a great location for walking to all the monuments. When we arrived I noticed the old fashioned decorations and wondered how the rooms looked. But before we could look around my dad dropped our bags behind the front desk and dragged us out for sightseeing. I must admit all the statues lit up were awe inspiring, and some of the memorials were touching. But after hours of walking around the Tidal Basin we had seen everything. We were tired and wanted to get back to the Allen Lee. My dad was even willing to get a taxi, but as luck would have it there were none. By the time we got back and dragged our bags to our rooms, all I could think about was a warm shower and a comfy bed. My sister and I had one room while my parents and other sister had a room down the hall. Once in the room my sister turned on the rabbit eared TV and tried to find Disney or Nickalodeon but the only thing that came in was a snowy news report. Without really looking at the room I headed to the shower. Now I believe a ghost haunted that bathroom door. It took me a good minute of tugging and pulling to shut it. As soon as I got it shut it would swing open. My sister finally suggested to put a bag in front of the door to keep it shut. When I really looked at the bathroom for the first time I noticed that the sink had no faucet handles and the mirror was so dirty I couldn't see my reflection. The toilet was only marginally better than a Port-a-Potty. The light, a single bulb hanging from its wires, failed to reach the shower. As I slowly peered into the dark cave I was supposed to bathe in, I noticed something moving. I slowly looked up. Alien mold was moving around. Taking this all in, I decided to keep my life rather than shower. After reporting to my sister I changed into my Pjs and sat in what looked like a chair. If I thought the bathroom was bad, the room was hell. The stench of cigarette smoke hung in the air. Dark red and brown spots (clearly blood, maybe from the civil war, or perhaps shed more recently) splattered the thin carpets and walls. The window was barred. The beds were cot sized, and more uncomfortable than a pullout sofa bed made of nails. My sister and I argued over who would sleep by the door, where a killer was likely to come in, and who should sleep by the window, where they would probably get shot. In the end my sister took the bed by the door because there was less blood on that side of the room. As I crawled under the one thin sheet I looked up at the now dark ceiling. Outside I could hear alarms and shouting. From the bathroom the moss was talking to the ghost of the door. If I chose not to listen to them there was always the insects crawling in my bed, or perhaps the drunk who would spend the whole night banging around the hall, who would be willing to talk. But I focused on the blood that spotted the room. I imagined that the Allen Lee must have been a civil war hospital and this room was one of the operating rooms. And I knew it was a restless soldier that made the bathroom door swing open and shut by my head. Soon I was too tired to fight the moss, ghosts, insects, and blood, and I fell asleep.
Stayed here for a weekend prior to a business meeting. We arrived on a Friday night, and there was some sort of event going on in the restaurant or conference room (I checked the events listing later and I believe there was a wedding scheduled for that weekend), so it was rather noisy in the tiny lobby. They are clearly understaffed, at least at night, as there was only one person at the front desk. It took him a while to check us in as he had to answer both in house and external phone calls, as well as take care of us, but he managed to work it all out after about 10 minutes. A tad long for my liking, but I recognize that not having help is not entirely his fault. I received an upgrade and the suite that I received was a good size, but given the option of using points for the upgrade, I would probably not opt to do it next time. Everything else was perfectly satisfactory. The room was clean, the linens comfortable and clean, and the bathroom was a nice size. My room was a bit far from the elevator, but generally, when I book via PL, I find that I get the far rooms. Not a big deal as it wasn't a huge hotel. The area was very nice and the Dupont Circle Metro station is a five minute walk, although, since they consolidated the station entrances, you have to cross several streets around the circle to get to one of the two available entrances. We also ended up eating at the hotel restaurant, 15ria, which turned out to be one of the better rated restaurants in the area. The food was pretty good, but a tad pricey for what you get, and the service, while quite cordial, was rather amateurish (they took our appetizers to another table) and lackluster. I would stay here again, both for the convenience and area, but there wasn't anything outstanding about this place.
The best thing about the hotel is the location, which is wonderful, especially if you are in Boston during less than perfect weather. You can access all sorts of pastimes without leaving the enclosed shopping area or subway connection. Unfortunately, the worst thing about the Sheraton is the accommodations, which are not rated 4-stars by anyone except Priceline (who claims the Sheraton told them it was 4 stars so, gee, it must be so). Though the hotel boasts that it has invested millions of dollars in renovations over the last few years, those millions clearly went towards bringing the public and meeting areas up to par for a convention-oriented hotel, not towards improving the rooms themselves. It took multiple attempts and over an hour to get a set of room keys that worked. The bathrooms are the smallest I have ever seen in any hotel in the US, much less a 4-star one, and they could use some serious cleaning. The sounds of toilets flushing in other rooms were so startlingly loud that you would swear the racket was coming from your own bathroom. To the Sheraton's credit, we complained and were moved from the 10th floor to the 28th floor- same size room and still a tiny bathroom but less toilet noise and better ventilation. Plus, the fabulous view helped compensate for the unfabulous bathroom. So the bottom line is that if you can get the room for <$100, you will probably be willing to overlook the deficiencies because of the superior location. If you pay more than that, just be sure not to expect a true 4-star hotel or the disappointment may ruin your vacation.
I too was very concerned about the Park Plaza after reading the reviews. I stayed 9/30 for one nite, and got the room thru Hotwire for $185- an astounding amount, but still cheaper than the other 3 star hotels offerred at regular price. I did call the hotel in advance, and found out that the room Hotwire booked was an 'economy' room- after reading the reviews I knew that meant a closet, so I very nicely asked if I could have a room with two double beds, knowing that room would be somewhat larger. I also added it was my birthday. Checking in was easy, but finding a place to pull the car up was difficult, at best. Again, I was very nice to the front desk clerk, and again asked him to 'work his magic' so we could have 2 dbl beds. The room, to my relief, was fine. Not great, not large, but having 2 beds made a difference. There was hair on the toilet seat, but I was so ecstatic not to be in an economy room, I didn't care. There was a coffee maker in the room and a hair dryer. No counter space in the bathroom to speak of. We slept like rocks, but also brought a small portable fan for 'white' noise because I had read how thin the walls are-- which is true. The hotel has the original Legal Seafoods across the street, and a McCormick and Schmick and Au Bon Pain right in it. Location was fine. We enjoyed the fancy lobby, but obviously the hotel is old. One night, was fine; however, I would'nt want to stay any longer. In sum, it's 3 star, but I think you could do better with a newer 3 star hotel. Based on the other reviews, we got lucky with the room, and being overly nice really does help with the front desk. The other reviews are right- I wouldn't stay here again. Too many other choices.
We stayed here for 4 days recently and have to say it is a beautiful hotel. Upon arrival we were impressed by the wonderful lobby which is large and elegant. The staff were very helpful and friendly and we were lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite which was amazing. The location is great it is a little out of the city centre but there is a metro link just around the corner which was safe and easy to use. The Hotel location is good though for restaurants as it is surrounded by some amazing places to eat and a friendly Irish pub which I recommend. There is a wide variety of eateries from Italian through to Lebanese which I would strongly recommend as the food there is great. All in all a great hotel, good location, friendly staff and beautiful place to stay.
I read some reviews that were awful and was aprehensive of my stay and it was already booked and prepaid. I booked on Hotwire and paid $88 a nite. The hotel was very, very nice. The staff was great. Room was great. They did give us an uncleaned room at first, but within 5 minutes we were in a clean room with a great view of DC. Good location in Dupont Circle. Would stay here again and recommend it to anyone.
This place always depressed me. The location is awesome, near all the great sites. The lobby is nice, and in some ways spacious and welcoming, despite the cavernous open spaces looking down to the lower levels. Rooms are small and unremarkable. The concierge lounge was poorly maintained and offered strange food options. Room service is average. The sports bar, SRO, or something like that was poorly maintained. The hotel is attached to a dying pavillion of shops. Not a mall and no anchor stores. Go two blocks away and stay at the Marriott Metro Center.
This hotel is an excellent and safe choice at a good price! I traveled there with my 11 year old son. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The room was HUGE and nicely appointed, at a low rate of $99.00. The neighborhood was very safe and we walked to most restaurants. Try the quaint Italian restaurant around the corner called ~Luigi's~. Ben and Jerry's is a few blocks away. Here's a BIG tip: The taxi's are expensive, but there is one way, THE BEST WAY to get around. His name is Mr. Foxx and he is a retired gentleman with his own cab who frequently parks outside of the Quincy. This was the BEST! Mr. Foxx will take you anywhere for a very reasonable price and will provide transport for you your entire trip for an overall fare. He can take you to the airport too. He even gave us a private, guided, all day tour of the best sites for a fraction of what is would cost to use a cab here and there. He has been in D.C. for a long time and will guide your tour and wait for you while you check out the scenes!!! Incredible! So, be sure to ask for Mr. Foxx. Tip #2: The hotel has certificates for the asking to the restaurant next door.Ask at the desk. It gives you a credit, so one of our breakfasts was free! The Irish pub in the hotel is definately for adults only, even though they offer food too. It is a smoking bar too, so we ventured elsewhere. The metro was close, but we never used it. Cabs are much quicker. Be sure to check out the FREE National Geographic building lobby too! It's close by. The only issue we had was with the Pay-per-view movies at the hotel. They malfunctioned in the middle and we had to get a credit. The staff was very pleasant about the issue, and said the problems were temporary. Maybe by the time you get there, these problems will have been fixed. We will be at the Quincy next year too I assure you!
Our stay lasted 1 hour before we were moved to another hotel. The room we were offered was full of tobacco smells, there was cigarette burns on the carpet and the european sized bed was not much bigger than a single. A great disappointment as we had read great reviews on the website. The hotel is a faded lady with a not very helpful manager who blighted our stay and travels in the USA
My boyfriend and I stayed at Jury's for a long weekend and we were absolutely amazed when we walked in to the hotel. Everyone was so nice and accomodating. Concierge, the bellyboy and valet were all equally pleasant. The rooms are gorgeous. We stayed in a standard queen size room, which included turn down service, heated towel rack and complimentary water every day. Room service was impeccable. Everything was clean. The location is perfect. We walked through all of boston. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to boston, families, singles. Its a beautiful hotel with very luxury accomodations. You wont be dissapointed.
Just got back from a February School Vacation Week trip to D.C. The Grand Hyatt is a terrific location for touring the sites - afew blocks walk to the mall, in an area with alot of restaurants as well as sites like Ford Theater and Spy Museum. We had exceptional nice walking weather so we didn't really use the convenient Metro Location right under the hotel. Our room was spacious for the 3 of us - 2 adults and 1 child. It was recently renovated - would describe the room decor as clean, contemporary with darks woods with pale yellow color scheme. The bathroom was update with a good shower and the counter was granite with nice counter space. We ate out so I can't say how the food in the hotel was. They had a sports bar/restaraunt, a nice upscale dinner restaurant, a coffee/expresso bar area that we used in the a.m. on the run. They do have a buffett/restaurant that serves breakfast/lunch that is next to the decorative pool that is in the middle of the ground floor with a piano that plays on an island. Very nice atmosphere to return to after being out and about all day. The parking is $20 a day if you just leave your car - otherwise you pay each time you leave. The Health club is $12 per day and the pool is a lap pool - not really condusive to families to hang out at. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay here the next time we come. Two of the best meals we ever had were nearby - Ten Phen - outstanding, upscale oriential!!! and Oceanaire which was an upscale seafood restaurant that made you feel you were on a 30's oceanliner - reminded us of a ~Morton's type steakhouse for seafood - Portions were enormous - everyone walked out with a doggy bag!
This is an excellent all round hotel. The bedroom was a good size and the bed was absolutely fantastic and ultra comfy! Not a great view from the hotel bedroom, but good enough to see a spectacular sun set. The restaurant was adequate for breakfast. We had one evening meal there which was very good - even for fussy eaters. Staff in the restaurant were really friendly. This is a well placed hotel, close to Boston Common, Newbury Street and to join The Freedom Trail.
If you are looking on your computer for a great place to stay in Boston, then the Radisson is the place! I spent 4 nights at the hotel, and I loved every minute of it. The first thing the hotel has in its favor is it's location. Youre within walking distance from Boston Common, Public Garden, Chinatown, and the Theater District. I had an absolute beautiful view of the downtown skyline from my balcony (which all rooms have). Try to catch the sunrise if you're an early bird. The hotel is on one of the stops from the Trolley Tour, if you decide to do some sightseeing in the city. The rooms at the Radisson are absolutely wonderful. Clean, updated, and make you feel like youre at home. The TV was huge (although not much of a channel selection), enormous closet with extra hangers, and the beds....ahhhh, soooo comfortable. The comforters were silky feeling, and they must have had some sort of pillow mattress on the beds. The staff at the Radisson were extremely pleasant and show personal attention to everyone they come in contact with. The conceirge (which, shamefully, I cannot remember his name) went out of his way to make sure we had stuff to do and made us feel comfortable. Another staff member, Eric, was extremely helpful in helping us find the route to take on the T to see Harvard and MIT. The food at the restaurant was excellent. (Try the clam chowder and the steak sandwich!) I know I've said so much already, but I seriously can't say enough to let you know how lucky Boston is to have the Radisson helping to represent the city. I highly recommend anyone to stay here. If you have any questions about the hotel, feel free to email me.
We stayed at the Copley Square Hotel in November 2003.We loved the place; I can't believe it's had so many bad reviews - the quaintness of the place just added to its charm. The bedroom and bathroom were large and comfortable (in fact I wanted to take the comfy bed home with me!), and had everything you need for a short break.The best thing about the hotel was its fantastic location - right in the heart of Back Bay; near the shopping malls / Newbury Street / Back Bay train and tube station.We'd definately stay there again when we return to Boston.
Paper thin walls. Suitable only for budget family accomodation not business travel. No desk in room. No room safe. No minibar. No wardrobe. Decor looks circa 1980. Bathroom is grim. This hotel is 1m from central Georgetown and it's a steep hill. Despite the huge parking lot they still charge $15/day for parking. Well what do you expect from DC.
I could not find a room in Boston after searching every hotel, this hotel had a room available. Now I know why. I paid $429 for one night. The carpet is dirty. The furniture dinged up. The bed was worse than a college dorm bed. The bathroom is small (but at least it is clean). I will not stay here again and feel completely ripped off.
After reading lots of reviews on the Washignton Court Hotel on Trip Advisor I was sure that I had found the best value hotel on Capitol Hill. We found the hotel to be short staffed, slow service at the front desk and restaurant. The food was mediocre and high priced and the wait for dinner - over two hours for a party of six and we were one of three tables in the entire restaurant for dinner - was ridiculous. The buffet breakfast area was cramped and crowded and the food was cold, the selection poor. The rooms looked decent enough but the bathrooms were dirty! Dirt in the bathtub, a really obvious ring around the tub -gross - And mold in the grout. The lights were burned out and there were used - really gross - qtips in bathroom. Upon complaining to the concierege we were told 'sorry', someone would let housekeeping know but according to the daytime concierege it wasn't her job to notify anyone who would be able to rectify the situation! Nor was she capable of compensating me in an attempt to make me happy. We left the Washington Court after one night and checked in at the Hyatt across the street. Way more expensive but the Washington Court was proof that you get what you pay for!
Although the weather left much to be desired (we were there during the recent tropical rains), this Embassy Suites met most of our needs during our recent 4 night stay. The bed was great, the sofa bed adequate, and the 2 TV's appreciated except when the satellite was knocked out by a storm. A makeup mirror would be handy in the bathroom. Two Metro stations are within walking distance (Red & Blue/Orange) which made getting to all our tourist destinations quick and relatively painless. We were even able to walk from the Mall back to the hotel when we realized it was closer to walk to the hotel than back to the Metro Station! (My 12-yr-old wasn't as happy however). Lots of dining options in the area - we enjoyed The Froggy Bottom Pub for burgers (I St. & Penn.) and Pizza Paradiso (Dupont Cir) for pizza. I wouldn't recommend the onsite restaurant, Panevino, unless you are too tired to go out. The salads were fine, but the soup tasted like Campbell's. The complimentary breakfast and mgr's reception were very welcome!
I stayed at Capitol Hilton for 3 nights recently, and was very dissatisfied with the service. The hotel is clean and the location was great. However, I had several problems with the service. First problem I had was with the doorman. As we were checking in, I was travelling with my elderly mother and my 2 year old daughter. As you can imagine, we had a lot to carry in (luggage, strollers, diaper bags, etc), and the doorman didn't assist us at all. The only thing I expected from him was to open the door for my mother and help her into the lobby. What infuriated me was when I asked for assistance, he just stared at me and did nothing. To make matters worse, the room temperature was too cold. When I called front desk to ask if they can fix it, they told me someone will come up to take a look at it. About 30 minutes pass, and no one showed up... so I called again. This time, they transfer me to security, and the guy tells me that they are bringing me a portable heater as we speak. 30 minutes go by, and no one shows up again. I call and this time they tell me that they have no portable heaters. If they told me that the first time, I wouldn't have any problem. But to promise me that someone was on their way up with a heater (basically a lie) and not show up is unacceptable. I ended up waiting up over an hour just to have them tell me they couldn't do anything. One thing that I did appreciate about the hotel was that the bedding was comfortable. However, its not enough to overcome the poor service for me to stay here again. I stayed at the Morrison house in nearby Alexandria and next time I'm in DC, I'm staying there.
The Henley Park Hotel has incredibly charming curb appeal. Common areas are very cozy. Unfortunately you cannot sleep in the lobby. The rooms are awkwardly shaped and smallish. Furniture, bathroom fixtures and pretty much everything else about the rooms is overly worn and lack the sophistication typically expected of today's higher-end hotels. We discovered a bug cozying up to one of the glasses in the bathroom, and the fan made a loud noise as it tried to function. Many rooms lack any kind of workspace (pity the business traveler), but upon inquiry I was told that a room with a desk could be had...for an additional $20/night. King beds are rare, and a ~double~ means two twin beds. I will not stay here again.
The Boston Park Plaza is in a great location. It is one block from the ~T~ (subway) and two blocks from the Public Gardens. There are several very good restaurants within walking distance. If you can get a good rate, I would recommend staying there for convenience. However, the regular rooms are small and their bathrooms are tiny (it may be worth it to get an upgrade). My only complaint is that the air conditioning in our room was not very powerful or cool.
I only spent one night here, but found it to be a high quality and comfortable hotel. The location is excellent and the staff is friendly and efficient, check-in took about 2 minutes. The room was an internal room which probably cut way down on noise since the other rooms are right on Pennsylvania Avenue. The room was quite large for a DC hotel. There was ample space to walk around, a comfortable chair and desk. The internet did not work the night I was there. The bed was absolutely wonderful, challenging even Starwood's ~perfect sleeper~. An example of the style of the hotel is demonstrated by the ~iron incident~. Something on the iron heated up and rubbed off onto my white shirt, leaving a nice 4 inch black smudge. I reported this to the front desk and they immediately replaced the iron and took the shirt to be dry cleaned. They said they will send the shirt to me and, if they can't remove the stain, will replace the shirt. All of this and a great hotel bar, I will probably try and stay here again if the opportunity comes up.
I just got back from a weeklong stay at this hotel. Prior to leaving I got this hotel from Pricline and was nervous reading the reviews of other people on this post. I was very pleased with the entire hotel. From service to the room type. The rooms have ben renovated and have a nice clean contemporary design to them. The service (particualrly the concierge) was excellent! They accomodated our needs very well. I think some of the people who had negative reviews are morons. Stop complaining! The neigborhood isn't bad either. Its a short walk to Union Station and my girlfriend and I walked back and forth at all hours of the day. Not once did we have any trouble. The only thing was that there was a HUGE youth conference that week, but they weren't that bad. Just one night (after the fireworks) the lobby was insanely busy and packed. Nevertheless, I would stay here again. For people who are worried, don't worry you will love it. Don't let the whiners (for no reason) on this post deter you. Oh and as for location, PERFECT! You can'tt get a better spot. Right near the mall. For restaurants you will have to take the subway but for sightseeing, its perfect. I would recommend people staying here.
I stayed here for four nights in January. I had stayed here for a week in 1999 and the place was a bit run down and dirty. I still came back because of the great price and convenient location, and had a nice surprise as it has been refurbished. The staff are friendly, the rooms are clean and the place looks great, lovely art deco decorations. It comes with a kitchen (microwave, fridge, electric cooking rings etc), and a Safeway supermarket is just round the corner, so you can save money instead of eating out if you need to, and have breakfast in bed. It about 20 minutes walk to the centre - white house etc. A cab to the centre is just $6.50. The area is nice, with good places to eat out around Dupont Circle. I'll be back every time I'm in Washington.
Just returned from Washington. Our group of six stayed in the hotel comfortably. Enjoyed the breakfast with choices that pleased everyone. Was surprised at the quality of the evening receptions - boneless chicken breast, beef barbeque, etc served with nice salad bar and vegetables. Our kids, some of whom are picky enjoyed the meals and it was a relaxing way to end a long day of walking. The hotel was very clean and the staff were very pleasant.
The hotel is well located in the centre of Boston but has 1200 rooms and the service is quite poor and the rooms are very small. The restaurant leaves a lot to be desired and flies were evident on the food at the breakfast buffet. Not a great hotel.
Fitness center spectacular. Room much more luxurious than I expected for the price. Great location (a half-block from the main subway hub -- we parked at a suburban park-and-ride and took the subway everywhere except Georgetown, to which we took a taxi). Heavenly king-sized bed. Only complaint -- our room was just opposite the ice machine, which made a horrible racket every time someone got ice. Make sure you ask for another room, if the room they suggest is near the ice machine.
Have just got back from a 4 night stay, room was large and clean, bathroom was also clean if a little dimly lit, very quiet and slept very well, great location, staff and service excellent. It was the added details that made it a little special, i.e chocolates and next days weather report when the beds were turned down after we returned from a long day out siteseeing. We paid a vastly reduced rate for the accommodation, due to my work, but I have to admit I would grumble at paying full price for a room which I see as 3 star, but I have to add it was a 5 star service.
All the staff that we dealt with at this hotel were very courteous and helpful. Room was clean and nicely decorated. All this at a very reasonable weekend rate. This was the best hotel in DC that we stayed in for the price. We intend to stay at the Sofitel on our next visit to DC. The only negative was the $26 they charge for parking.
For a Hilton, I was quite surprised. We were in our first room for all of 5 minutes before we switched because the television didn't work and neither did the telephone. When we got to our second room, it was was small and cramped with barely enough room to walk 10 steps in any direction without bumping into something, and it was run down. The bed was the most uncomfortable I've ever slept in. There were two swinging (saloon type) doors at the opening of the bedroom area and one of them was totally broken with several pieces of wood missing from it. (When I say several pieces of wood, picture a shutter on a house with several of the pieces of wood missing, causing a big see through hole.) There was a hole in the wall under the picture next to the bed, too. The bathroom was tiny and the shower curtain wouldn't even close all the way because the sink was too close to it. The corners of the walls looked like my rabbit got in and chewed them up....they were pretty banged up. Of course, upon letting management know this, they had someone go in our room, while we were out in the daytime, and take the door out of the bedroom! That made it look a lot better! Not. Interestingly and a little disturbingly, they did not let us know someone was coming in to take it. The t.v. in our second room would not let us order a movie - not that we couldn't, but the actual channel/cable did not work. It had to be replaced. The ~sorry for the inconvenience~ gift was a piece of chocolate (literally, A single piece) left on the desk. Yet, nothing said about the other inconveniences. Just like a prior review, the rooftop pool was still closed for emergency repair. Lovely. The breakfast buffet - A $32 (and some change) for two RIPOFF. The restaurant is overpriced. When I went to get a pitcher of iced tea on Saturday afternoon, a waiter there told me that he had tea but that I could not purchase it unless I went upstairs and ordered room service. What a crock! I can't believe what makes Hilton believe this is a 4 star hotel. It's no where close. At best, I'd give it a 1.5 -2 star. I've had bigger, better, cleaner rooms at the Econo Lodge - at a fraction of the price. The parking price? INSANE! $25 a night! However, I didn't even notice this until I went to leave. Evidently, upon check-in, they forgot to charge us. When we went to get our car from the garage, the man who screeched through with our car told me he didn't have any record of us paying and that we owed $50, to be paid at the front desk. Well, I had already checked out! They didn't remember to charge me. So, when I complained about this, the manager said not to worry about it. That was very nice of her. The best I can say of this hotel is that the bell guy, the concierge, and the manager on duty when we checked out were very nice. Unfortunately, that doesn't make the hotel worth the unpleasant stay.
In general, this hotel is OK - the price is not bad (though the rooms are not really big), but the service was, well, average. If you wanted something out of the standard procedure, they were very confused. E.g., I had forgotten a shaver and phoned the reception whether they had a replacement. The lady taking my call reacted almost as if she was overwhelmed by my request but promised to look into it. About 20 minutes (!) later, my shaver arrived. Also, our rate included a continental breakfast, with an emphasis on ~a~. We were two people, AND we had asked in the evening whether we would get breakfast in the morning, which was affirmed cheerfully. However, in the morning we were informed that we would get only one (!) breakfast. Which is fine, if that's the rate, but rather annoying and it added to the overall picture of a slightly disoriented and ill-led staff. But, on the other hand, the location is great, the rooms are nice, the bathroom is clean and well equipped, so overall it is an OK hotel.
Had the pleasure of staying at the Melrose for 4 nights in November. The staff are fantastic and extremely helpful. Rooms are nice and a good size, bathrooms are lovely. Located in a great area and easy to reach most of the tourist must do's. Within walking distance of Georgetown which is worth a visit. Would stay here again without hesitation.
We just spent the weekend at the mayflower to celebrate my mother's 60th birthday and to see the sights! The staff at the hotel was extremely gracious and accomodating. They upgraded our suite and sent a complimentary gift to our room. Basically, they treated us like royalty! The renovations were lovely as well. Would highly recommend the Mayflower.
One of the best Hotel/Bar experiences I have come across in the Boston area....Very clean rooms,great service and very affordable..I hightly recommend this to anyone looking to stay in the Boston area
The staff and service were great. The location is as perfect as can be, steps from shopping, all the site, the common, freedom trail. The hotel is steeped in history and the place is beautiful. the room was nice, but a little small. But its diwnrown boston and is advertised as european so its basically what i expected.
Went to the Westin Copley Place for a Sat/Sun night getaway in December 2002. Great location, very clean, bathroom had two shower heads, easy access to/from the Mass Pike, couldn't beat the rate $109/night +tax. Don't forget $32/day for parking. Attentive staff immediately responded to thermostat problem in room. Great service from valet, bell staff, front desk and housekeeping. Perfect location for shopping at Copley Place and Newbury Street. Nice restaurants all within walking distance. Highly recommend the Westin.
We loved the location of this hotel. The McPherson Sq. metro was right across the street. Easy walk to White House and Mall. Well lit area, felt safe at night walking along 14th St or taking the metro. Clean rooms, great food at the American Grill and a staff that would do just about anything for you.
I got great value for a room through its website for the weekend ($115 per night). The location is amazing - just one block from the Dupont Circle Metro station and great restaurants, clubs and hangouts. The hotel also has free internet access in the room (if you have your own laptop) and in the ~business center~ (just 3 PC's with printers, internet access and phones in a small room). There is also an Irish pub in the hotel which is nice if you feel like a drink at night without leaving the hotel ... The room was nice overall (average for a 4 star hotel) except for 3 things ... the bathroom was extremely small (the vanity and sink is outside of the bathroom - the bathroom basically contains the toilet and a square shower/tub (I was not sure whether it was supposed to be a yub or not). Other than the shower and toilet there is practically no room in the bathroom - I did not even have enough space to spread the bath mat on the floor fully open in front of the tub. The other strange thing is that the toilet seat would not keep staying in the up position (yes, I am a guy ... :-) ). I had to hold it everytime I urinate or it would just fall back down in the middle of the urination!!!! The air conditioning also does not seem to go too cold in the room - I like my room cold and I did go in the middle of summer - it was most noticeable when you get out of your room and you notice the drop in temperature ... Overall this is an ~average~ hotel - if you care for location and not so much room quality then this is perfect. This is not the most luxurious hotel in embassy row but this would be more than adequate for most people. I would think that you would want to do something better if you are travelling for business (location notwithstanding) but if you are just after a fun weekend away for a reasonable price this hotel is definitely worth considerations.
Staff was good. Room was fine. Location was the best feature. No need to rent a car - had the train outside and in the middle of everything. Recommend AFTER CONSTRUCTION - see below: Like a previous post says - hotel is under construction. Noise starts at 8:30AM and lasts 2 hours straight! Just cannot believe they start that early! Desk agent says they are replacing windows in whole hotel and will soundproof. Too bad they couldnt soundproof NOW!!! Woke me up first thing. Apparently the noise happens in the AM when they are removing the old windows. They tried to tell me how great the new windows are - floor to ceiling and they open! Thats great but the noise wasnt. I
My 11 year old son and I (single Dad) spent 5 nights at the Lenox in late July and early August. We have no real complalints about the hotel - but yet I can't help but feel a little disappointed with the Lenox as the most memorable thing my son has for our five nights is playing a game to guess what the outside temperature showed as on the display in the elevator. I guess I was expecting more. The rooms were decent sized. We had a two bed room on the 7th floor that looked out to the roof of the Lord & Taylor department store. The beds were comfortable - the pillows were OK. The shower was excellent - lots of water pressue and a high enough shower head. I am 6-3 and like a high shower head. As others note the Aveda bath products are nice. There was limited counter space in the bathroom in our room. I would imagine some ladies might now have enough room. There was a big closet in the room - and a three drawer dresser. There was also a work desk. The window coverings kept out the daylight - the air conditioner kept the room cool - we were there during the heat wave - temps were as high as 99 while we were there. I slept well every night at the Lenox. There is a Shaw's Supermarket nearby - this was nice for getting drinks and snacks, but there is no refrigerator in the room. We would get ice for our drinks, but we could not bring extra food back from the restaurants as we had no way to keep them cold. The Shaw's also had prepared foods that were available - would be good for lunch. To reach the lobby of the Lenox you need to go up three or four steps - from both the main entrance on Exeter and the other entrance on Boylston. If you have trouble navigating steps, this may not be the hotel for you. The rooms have high speed wirless internet. My laptop does not have a wireless card, but the Lenox had a high speed bridge that I was able to use for free for the length of my stay. If you do not have a computer, the business center (down a winding stairway) charges $7 for 30 minutes of high speed access. There was a very small workout room adjacent to the business center. Dunkin Donuts is across the street for a quick breakfast. You receive a copy of USA Today on your door each workday. But to get a Boston Globe or Herald necessitated a trip across the street as there was no shop of any kind at the Lenox (at least that I could find). We did not eat at The Lenox. I may have been out of my element at the Lenox - I am usually a Hampton / Courtyard kind of guy. We asked the concierge for a fast casual place to eat on our way to Fenway - she could only offer up that the hotel's bar / restaurant was fast - but could not point us to a Subway or other sandwich shop. She was busy every other time we stopped. The Lenox is one block from the Copley T stop. Copley Place and Prudential Center malls are also a block away. This is a great location.
Appaling, desperate, overrated, take your pick, after reading previous reviews I was expecting so much more and was bitterly dissapointed! the rooms were small, the bathrooms even smaller and enough loose wall-paper hanging off the walls to re-do your own living room if you so decide to peel it off! After complaining about the state of the room we were offered another with no great change in overall apperance! however dissapointing the lodgings it was the blassez attitude of the staff that did it for me and my girlfriend, who arriving after a long distance flight on her own wasn't even allowed check in her bags let alone her self without my Credit card, this despite being told twice that it wouldn't be a problem! then on departure to New York for a few dayson the Friday morning, returning I might add on the Sunday Night( the room was already prepaid unfortunatly) we were informed that they would not hold our suitcases longer than midnight that night, unlike other hotels who will go out of there way to get return business, the Boston Omni Parker is trading on an old name and old reputation which quite frankly like the decor needs a much over due makeover!!! Look elsewhere for accomodation in Boston because there is much better out there!
My husband, myself, 2 teenage boys and our dog spent 3 delightful nights at the Onyx Hotel. As others have noted, the staff at this boutique hotel were superb. We were a bit nervous traveling with a pet but were greeted at the door by a ~Welcome Willy~ sign accompanied by dog biscuits and water! The boys had made an error when trying to watch a movie and the staff were gracious and non-judgemental in refunding the amount. The room decor was sumptuous, the bath products of good quality and the complimentary wine hour was a treat. As for the location, we walked every night and at no time did we feel our safety was compromised. Again, the staff were adept at suggesting walking routes, restaurants and the best way to exit the city! We would most definitely return.
First, the good stuff: this is a super-stylish hotel in a wonderful location, near the Boston Common and state house. I stayed in a standard room, and the decor is first rate. The finishes are beautiful -- wenge woods and stainless steel -- and witty (check out the mantel above the fireplace.) Very comfortable bed. Lovely molding and trim. Lots of gadgetry -- definitely more of a masculine hotel than I'm used to. I imagined Mr. Big of Sex and the City living here. Now the not-so-great stuff: For all of its stylishness, I didn't find this a particularly comfortable hotel. The standard rooms are small and feel cramped. And the room -- in fact the entire hotel -- is very dark, made worse by all that dark woodwork. Unfortunately, the hotel is wedged in among a lot of taller buildings, so not a lot of natural light can get in. I tried opening the curtains, but my room looked straight into an office building -- so close I could see the family pictures on the employees' desks! Maybe the larger rooms or ones on higher floors don't have this problem. But you'll probably pay through the nose for them. The lobby, or what there is of one, is also small and dark. There's seating, but only for waiting while checking in or out. I didn't try the Federalist for dinner, but I did have breakfast there. It's a beautiful restaurant, and I'm sure the darkness makes for some romantic dinners. But for breakfast, I would have preferred a lot more natural light. I wish I could rave about the service, as other reviewers have. But although it was fine, there was nothing warm or special about it. I had to laugh at the turndown service. There was a knock on my door, and when I opened it, two young women were outside: ~Turn down. You want it?~ Now that's Boston directness! But at these rates, you have a right to expect something a tad more refined. The doorman was good, though. Bottom line: I would say this is worth doing once, as a splurge. But I don't think it's a hotel I would return to. It's a treat for the eyes, but not the soul. My search for the ideal Boston hotel -- for the perfect combination of style, comfort, space, service, location, and price -- continues.
The hotel is undergoing some renovations and once it's done, I think the rooms will be fabulous. Right now, they're decent. Clean and decent. Great location!! The concierge was helpful and so were the doormen. However, the problems came in when due to the renovations we were inconvenienced. No ice machines on the floor so they had to be called for. Not a big prob. The heat wasn't turned on so at night it was freezing in the room. I was told i could request extra sheets. I did so- twice- and they never came. So, the next morning I told the supervisor I was unhappy because of this. She just said sorry and sent up ONE extra sheet- when there were 2 beds. Then the last morning, no hot water in the shower. Again, we told them and so did a couple in front of us and we were just told Sorry. Then we checked out and they kept our bags, but when we came back to the hotel the lobby was completely shut down and we were hoping for a few minutes rest before leaving the hotel and were just told there was nowhere to sit and Sorry. My problem is that if there are renovations, leave notices for your patrons. Do not just let them be surprised at the inconveniences that are no suprise to the mgmt. Decent stay and got a good rate, but hope their service improves.
stayed at both lenox and omni parker when in Boston last week. OMP good location for shoppers and the north end italian restaurants. staff friendly and efficient, but the rooms can be pokey and dark. lenox rooms bigger and brighter...
I've stayed at nicer Motel 6 facilities. This hotel is a joke. Short and narrow bed, filthy bathroom, missing floor tiles, tiny room, A/C that was not controllable, paint peeling off the woodwork and ceiling AND a chunk of ceiling plaster actually fell on the bed while we were there. Asked for a livable room and was told there were none available. Front desk staff were nothing to write home about either. I filled out the customer comment card and naturally never recieved a response. If I ran my business this way I would be OUT of business.
The hotel was nice enough and is in a good location, but is definitely not a 4 star hotel, especially if you get one of the standard rooms. It's comparable to your typical Holiday Inn or Days Inn, but a lot more expensive. The location is good, easy access to the T and within a nice walk of downtown activities. Still, with the other much nicer options in Boston, I probably would not stay here again.
Beautiful hotel, lovely rooms, but for £150.00 per night they should be! Only complaint was the food. Bar food expensive and not very good. For breakfast recommend ~Au Bon Pain~. 2 minutes walk from the the hotel and excellent and extensive and cheap menu,
Great value, beautifully furnished, cozy, modern rooms, clean bathroom, flat screen TV, A/C, etc. Really enjoyed my stay here, service was great! Yes the walls were abit thin but it didn't bother me enough to keep me up at night or interrupt my work! Great location, walking distance to the Downtown crossing T and CVS, MAcy's, Filene's Basement, etc. The gym equipment could definitely use an upgrade though...will definitely come back!=)
